index.md, before:

## About
I am Ph.D. candidate in computational statistics of [Prof. Won, Joong-ho](https://won-j.github.io/), Seoul National University. 

You can contact me through clan1212 AT snu.ac.kr

### [Github Page](https://github.com/sdlee087)

### Education
- **Seoul National University** *Ph.D. candidate in Statistics (2017 -)*
- **Seoul National University** *B.S in Statistics and Computational Science (2013 - 2017)*

### Interests
- High-performance Statistical Computing
- Optimization Theory
- Deep (image) generative models

### Preferable programming languages

- R, Julia, Python (PyTorch)

### Publication

- Choi, Youngwon, Sungdong Lee, and Joong-Ho Won. **Learning from Nested Data with Ornstein Auto-Encoders.** *International Conference on Machine Learning,* pp. 1943-1952. PMLR, 2021.
- Lee, Sungdong, Leonard Sunwoo, Youngwon Choi, Jae Hyup Jung, Seung Chai Jung, and Joong-Ho Won. **Impact of Diffusion–Perfusion Mismatch on Predicting Final Infarction Lesion Using Deep Learning.** *IEEE Access* 10 (2022): 97879-97887.
- Lee, Yoonhyung, Sungdong Lee, and Joong-Ho Won. **Statistical inference with implicit SGD: proximal Robbins-Monro vs. Polyak-Ruppert.** *In International Conference on Machine Learning,* pp. 12423-12454. PMLR, 2022.

Commit message:

Information update in 2026.01
Updated personal information and added recent publications and software details.

index.md, after:

## About
I am a postdoc statistician currently working at [SLING](https://www.sling.sg), National University of Singapore.

You can contact me through sdlee23 AT nus.edu.sg

### [Github Page](https://github.com/sdlee087)

### Education
- **Seoul National University** *Ph.D. in Statistics (2017 - 2023)*
- **Seoul National University** *B.S in Statistics and Computational Science (2013 - 2017)*

### Interests
- High-performance Statistical Computing
- Optimization Theory
- Deep (image) generative models

### Preferable programming languages

- R, Julia, Python (PyTorch)

### Publication

- S. Lee, J. Bang, Y. Kim, H. Choi, S. Oh, J. Won. (2025). **Learning massive-scale partial correlation networks in clinical multi-omics studies with HP-ACCORD.** *Ann. Appl. Stat,* 19(4), 2759-2781.
- D. Kim, S. Lee, J. Won. (2025) **Partial Correlation Network Estimation by Semismooth Newton Methods.** *In NeurIPS 2025.*
- Hyunjong Lee, Yedarm Seong, Sungdong Lee, and Joong-Ho Won. (2024). **StrWAEs to invariant representations** *In ICML 2024.*
- Sungdong Lee, Leonard Sunwoo, Youngwon Choi, Jae Hyup Jung, Seung Chai Jung, and Joong-Ho Won (2022). **Impact of Diffusion–Perfusion Mismatch on Predicting Final Infarction Lesion Using Deep Learning.** *IEEE Access,* 10, 97879-97887.
- Yoonhyung Lee, Sungdong Lee, and Joong-Ho Won. (2022). **Statistical inference with implicit SGD: proximal Robbins-Monro vs. Polyak-Ruppert.** *In ICML 2022,* (pp. 12423-12454). PMLR.
- Youngwon Choi, Sungdong Lee, and Joong-Ho Won. (2021). **Learning from nested data with ornstein auto-encoders.** *In ICML 2021,* (pp. 1943-1952). PMLR.

### Software
- [accord-torch](https://github.com/sdlee087/accord-torch): PyTorch version of ACCORD graphical selection with CUDA availability. This code can be run in single-process mode or multi-process mode.
